Add more specific details on the derivation page (#1)
Sporarum/dotty: docs/_docs/reference/contextual/derivation.md

We say that `Tree` is the _deriving type_ and that the `Eq`, `Ordering` and `Show` instances are _derived instances_.

**Note:** `derived` can be used manually, this is useful when you do not have control over the definition. For example we can implement `Ordering` for `Option`s like so:

```scala
given [T: Ordering]: Ordering[Option[T]] = Ordering.derived
```

It is discouraged to directly refer to the `derived` member if you can use a `derives` clause instead.

## Exact mechanism

> In the following, a parameter enumerations where the first index is bigger than the last means there is actually no paramers, for example: `A[T_2, ..., T_1]` means `A`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: In the following, when type arguments are enumerated and the first index evaluates to a larger value than the last, then there are actually no arguments, for example: `A[T_2, ..., T_1]` means `A`.
```
